feat(rule): add new rule 'require_scenario' (#87)
gherlint/gherlint: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> -   New lint rule `require_scenario` - enforces that a feature file has atleast one scenario (https://github.com/gherlint/gherlint/pull/87)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   New lint rule `require_scenario` - enforces that a feature file has at least one scenario (https://github.com/gherlint/gherlint/pull/87)
```
